Fill out release notes for 3.46 (#1967)
Shopify/cli: release_notes_draft.md

* ***Fix: Link to view checkout extensions.*** Always link to a published product for viewing checkout extensions. Unpublished products led to an error page.
* ***Fix: Clean up after failing to generate extensions.*** Previously if a failure occurred while generating an extension, a directory with invalid contents would remain. Now that directory will be deleted.
* ***Fix: Deploying function-only apps.*** Previously apps with only function extensions would fail to build and deploy; this is fixed.
* ***Fix: npm peerDependency resolution.*** When using npm as package manager, generating a react UI extension failed due to conflicts between installed copies of react. Dependency installation strategy is adapted to solve this.
* ***Fix: Obtaining a port when `HOST` is specified.*** When the `HOST` environment variable is specified, obtaining a random port failed; this is fixed.

# Theme

* ***--`notify` flag on theme dev.*** You can now specify `--notify` when running `theme dev` to update a file or URL when files are changed. This supports integrations with other tools.
* ***Upgrade theme-check to 1.15.0.*** Changelog [here](https://github.com/Shopify/theme-check/releases/tag/v1.15.0)

> * ***Fix: Support vanity URLs in theme preview.*** Some elements, including images and fonts, were broken for vanity URLs. They are now displayed correctly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ***`--update-docs` flag on theme check.*** You can now synchronously update Theme Check resources (objects, filters, and tags) before running it. This ensures that your code is checked against the most updated version of theme resources.
* ***Fix: Support vanity URLs on theme dev.*** Some elements, including images and fonts, were broken for vanity URLs. They are now displayed correctly.
* ***Fix: localhost link issue on theme dev.*** In some scenarios, the localhost link was being hidden.
* ***Fix: `/localization` and `/cart` requests on theme dev.*** Now, these endpoints will no longer fail when using `shopify theme dev`.
```
